---
layout: post
title: "Annual General Meeting 2019"
subtitle: "Sparsham AGM"
date: 2019-06-01 00:56
author: "Sparsham"
comments: true
categories: [AGM, 2019]
tags: [Sparsham, AGM,  Kochi, Kerala]
header-img: ""
image: "img/generic/agm.png"
---

The Sparsham Annual General Meeting was held on June 6th at Kakkanad, Kochi. Nithun Damodaran presided over the meeting, which ended with the formation of a new Executive Committee (EC) for the coming year. Sivashobh opened the meeting with a cordial welcome speech and a brief overview of Sparsham for the members.

#### Agenda ####
1. Presentation of Financial Report FY 2018-19.    
2. Discussion on Financial Report.
3. New members.
4. Removal of inactive members.
5. New beneficiaries.
6. Budgeting of FY 2019-20.
7. Change of address
8. Election of new office bearers.
9. Social media activities.

#### Presentation of Financial Report FY 2018-19 ####
The treasurer, Jaseem, gave the financial report for the fiscal year 2018–19. The report was unanimously approved at the meeting.

#### Removal of inactive members ####
Members' subscriptions were written off and they were removed from the membership.

#### New members ####
Accepted membership of Vaisakh K with prior approval.

#### New beneficiaries ####
It was decided to enrol more students as beneficiaries. Three students from Perambra and two students from Palakkad's Kollengode.

#### Budgeting of FY 2019-20 ####
Forecasted expenses:
1.	120,000 for educational support for 20 students
2.	30,000 in study materials
3.	20,000 for medical assistance
4.	Toilets for Kollengode colony: 50,000.
5.	Other events, if any, include: 50,000; forecasted income:
6.	Subscription fee: 120,000.
7.	Donation: 150,000

#### Address change ####
Address changed to DD Diamond Valley, Kakkanad.

#### Subscription fee ####
Subscription fee increased from Rs. 200 to Rs. 300.

#### Election of new office bearers ####
AGM unanimously elected below executive committee:

**President**

Vishnu KB

**Vice President**

Prajeesh H

**Secretary**

Sayuj Othayoth

**Joint Secretary**

Aneesh K

**Treasurer**

Jaseem TK

**Members**

Shivilraj P

Vyasdev M

Nithun Damodaran

Sivasobh P

Shamith C (Permanent invitee)

#### Social media activities ####
Vishnu KB, Prajeesh H, and Vyasdev M constituted a three-person social media sub-committee.

#### UPI ID ####
For the bank account, it was decided to generate a UPI ID. It necessitated getting a new phone number and linking it to a bank account. Assign the Secretary with all tasks.

Vyasdev gave a thank-you address at the end of the meeting.
